PRE-ASSESSMENT TEST
PRATIK RATHI


AWS


IAM policy which grants access to S3 buckets only


1. Go to AWS Console.
2. Click on S3.
3. Click on Create Bucket and enter relevant details such as Bucket Name and Region.
4. Click Create.
5. Now, Create a folder in the Bucket. (For future verification purpose)
6. Go to IAM and create a User.
7. Enter Username and Password.
8. Now, give him full access to the S3 Buckets.
9. Under the summary section of the user, go to security credential and attach MFA.
10.  Now login with the user credential.
11. Go to the folder created and verify by trying uploading and deleting files.
12. So, you have created an IAM policy for that user to access S3 buckets.


Programmatic Access


1. Go to your account and select security credentials.
2. In Policies, select create policy.
3. Select create your own policy.
4. Give required details i.e. Policy name and description.


{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": ["s3:ListBucket"],                        // Gives permission to the buckets
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::test"]
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [                                                   // Gives permission to objects inside this bucket
        "s3:PutObject",
        "s3:GetObject",
        "s3:DeleteObject"
      ],
      "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::test/*"]
    }
  ]


What will be the outcome of this IAM Policy?


{
"Version": "2012-10-17",
"Statement": [{
"Action": "ec2:*",           // For an action of EC2 instances using any resource, will be allowed 
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Allow"
},
{
"Action": "*",                   // For any other action using any resource, this usage will be denied                                                        
"Resource": "*",
"Effect": "Deny"
}
]
}


Steps to launch EC2 Instance


1. Go to AWS Management Console.
2. Select any one Region.
3. Go to EC2 under the Compute Section.
4. Click on the Launch Instance and select an AMI.
5. Select the Instance type i.e. amount of compute power required.
6. Configure all the details.
7. Click on the Storage device and configure all the details.
8. Go to tag Instance for uniquely identification of your Instance.
9. Configure all the Security Group.
10. Check all the settings and after reviewing, Launch it.
11. You will be prompted with a window for your Key-Pair, create one and download it at a location which is easily accessible.
12. Select your Instance from the screen and click on connect.
13. On the prompted screen you will be shown a public IP, copy it and click on get password.
14. Now, the next step would be to decrypt the password with the help of your public key. So, upload the Key-Pair and click on decrypt password.
15. Open Remote Desktop Manager, enter the Public IP and click on connect.
16. Now, enter the password and click on OK to get your EC2 Instance.


Hosting Static Website on Amazon S3


1. Create a bucket by navigating to S3 in the AWS Management Console and hit Create Bucket. You’ll be prompted to enter a name and a region.
2. Now, Verify the Created Bucket.
3. To enable Static Website Hosting, just select it from the properties panel on the right.
4. Create a Html File. You can also set an error page if you want. When you’re done, hit Save.
5. To upload the file, select your new bucket and hit the Start Upload button.
6. Make the Html File Public, to make html file public, right-click on index.html and select Make Public
7. Now, select html in the console and go to the Properties tab.
8. Final Step to Verify the Result by clicking the link which will take you to your new homepage.


Steps to create public and private subnets in VPC


1. Navigate to the VPC Dashboard. Here you will see a “Launch VPC Wizard” click on it.
2. This is the “VPC creation” wizard. Here you can find 4 different options. 
1. VPC with Single Public Subnet, the one we are going to choose.
2. VPC with Public and Private Subnets.
                    3. VPC with Public and Private Subnets and Hardware VPN Access.
4. VPC with a Private Subnet only and Hardware VPN Access.
Since we want to create public and private subnet, we will start by creating a VPC with a public and private subnet. Click on “Select“.
3. Here you will have to mention a few details for creating your VPC. After mentioning all the details, click on “Create VPC“.
4. You will get a message saying “Your VPC has been successfully created“. Click on “OK“.
5. In the “Your VPC” section, you can see that there is a new VPC named “EdurekaDemo” created.
6. Now let’s verify the public subnet. You can see that a subnet named “Public Subnet” is created. This subnet has a route table attached which consists of local and public access with an Internet Gateway.