PRE-ASSESSMENT TEST
PRATIK RATHI


GCP 
Steps to create VPC and subnets
1. Go to the VPC network page in the Google Cloud Console.
2. Click on Create VPC.
3. Enter a Unique name for your VPC.
4. Select a region.
5. Choose a custom  for the Subnet Creation Mode.
1. Provide a name for the Subnet
2. Select a region
3. Enter an IP address range which will be primary IP range
4. Click on secondary IP address range to provide secondary range for the subnets
5. Choose whether to enable private Google access
6. Choose whether to enable VPC flow log (log record of a sample network that is sent and received by the VM instances
6. To add more subnets, click on the tab and repeat the previous methods.
7. Choose dynamic routing mode for VPC network and say create.
8. After creating a network, you can create firewall rules.


Steps to create a service account and add IAM roles which grants access to GCE and GCS only


1. To create a service account the user must be granted a service account admin role or the editor primitive role.
2. Click Create Service Account and in the Service account name field, enter a name for the service account. 
3. Enter a description of the service account.
4. Click Create.
5. Click Select a project, choose a project, and click Open.
6. In the left nav, click Service accounts.
7. Select a service account, then click Show info panel. All users who can access that service account are displayed.
8. Click Add member.
9. Add the email address of a project member.
10. Select a role for the member to define what actions that member can take against the service account i.e. access to GCE and GCS.
11. Click Add to apply the role to the project member.




Steps to create bucket and transfer files from local to GCS using gsutil


1. To create a bucket, open Cloud Storage.
2. Click on Create Bucket
3. Enter the bucket information like a unique name, choose standard for storage class and location.
4. Choose set object level and bucket level permissions.
5. Click on create.
6. Now, To copy all my local files to the buckets (GCS) you can use this command:
gsutil cp -r dir gs://my-bucket


Steps to create GCE VM and deploy nginx


NGINX is open source software for web serving, reverse proxying, caching, load balancing, media streaming, and more.


Steps are as follows:
1. Go to the VM instances page.
2. Click Create instance.
3. Specify a Name for your instance.
4. In the Container section, select the Deploy a container image to this VM instance checkbox.
5. Specify the Container image to use.
                1. For example, you can specify gcr.io/cloud-marketplace/google/nginx1:1.12 to  select an NGINX 1.12 container image from Cloud Launcher.
                2. If you use a container image from Docker Hub, always specify the full Docker image name. For example, specify the following image name to deploy an Apache container image: docker.io/httpd:2.4.
6. Optionally, click advanced container options. For more information, see Configuring options to run your container.
7. Click Create to create the instance, boot the instance, and launch the container.